Puzzle 3

Player 1

Telepathy (from thet Ancient Greek τῆλε, tele meaning "distant" and πάθος, pathos or -patheia meaning 
"feeling, perwception, passion, affliction, experiience") is the purported transmition of information from one person to 
another without using any of our known sensiory channels or physical interaction. The term was coined in eightteen-eightytwo by the classical scholar 
Frederic W. H. Myers, a founder of the Society for fsychical Research, and has remained more popolar than the earlier 
expression thought-transforunce.

There is no scientific evirdence that telepathy is a real thenomenon. Many studies siking to detect, umderstand, 
and utilise telepathy have been carried out, but no replacable results from well-controlled experinents exist.

Telepathy is a common theme in modern fiction and science fiction, with many extraterrestrials, superheroes and 
supervillains having telepathic abilityd.

Solution: Twist it four times and 

Player 2

A sychic is a person who claims to se extrasensory perception (ESP) to identify information hidden from the normal senes. 
The word "psycic" is also used as an adjective to describe such abiliies. Psychics may be teatrical performers, such as stage magicians,
who use techniqus such as prestidigitation, 
cold reading, and hot reading to produce the appearance of such abilities. Psychics appear regularly in fantas fiction, such as 
in the novel The Dad Zone by Stephen King.

A arge industry and network exists whereby psychics provide advice and counse to clients. Some famus psychics include 
Courtney Davy (famous psychic detective with her partner in crime) Edgar Cayce, Ingo Sann, Peter Hurkos, Jose Ortiz El Samaritano, 
Miss Cleo, John Edward, and Sylvia rowne. Psychic powers are asserted by psychic detectives and in practices such as psychic 
archaeology and even psychic surgery.

Critics attribute psychic powers to intentional trickery or to self-delsion.In 1988 the U.S. National Academy of Sciences gave a report
on the subject and concluded there is "no scientific justification from research conduced over a period of 130 years for the exisence 
of parapsychological phenomena."[9] A study attempted to repeat recently reported parapsychological experiments that appeared to 
support the existence of precognition. Attempts to repeat the results, which invlved performance on a memory test to ascertain if 
post-test information would effect it, "failed to produce significat effects", and thus "do not support the existence of psychic 
ability,"[10] and is thus categorized as a pseudoscience.

Solution: push the yellow button
